Maybe YOU can choose to ignore the possibility you raise, but I would hope that, upon reflection, you are as frightened by the possibility you raise as I. We are currently only about 5 states away from calling a Constitutional Convention on the issue of the tax code. This has been flying under the radar for many years now. It is not beyond the realm of possibility that such a Convention could just as well pass a so-called Human Life Amendment as it could pass a Required Abortion Amendment. There simply are no rules in either the Constitution or the statutes to guide such a convention. If it fell into the control of the demagogues, we could end up with their scenario.Given current politics, the calling of a Constitutional convention is extremely unlikely. Perhaps it might be a point that is debated in the fringe press, but it has never made it to the mainstream press in any truly visible way (ex. more than a couple of stray articles that very few notice). If you think this is a real current risk, then prove it by citing numerous articles from the mainstream press. I do not bother being worried about events that have a negligible chance of coming true. I concentrate my efforts on the reality that we actually currently face.The reality that we currently face is that you want to diminish the rights of actual women to choose whether or not to continue their pregnancies when the most that can be said about fetuses (feti, Shooter?) by some women is that they are at best potential people. Now, try to explain one more time why your particular POV should be law in the universe.Funny. When you couldn't logically address the issue currently at hand, you reverted to changing the subject back to what we had ALREADY discussed.Quite so. I am having great difficulty understanding WHY you think your opinion should be made law in the universe? Have you ever for a moment stopped to think that perhaps you could be wrong?Of course I know that I could be wrong but I would have to be proven wrong through rational arguement, not just claims. Have you ever stopped to think that perhaps YOU could be wrong? Either way, we already discussed this issue of whether people can have opinions about abortion law. Perhaps you are having a "senior moment" and don't remember our discussion. I really don't feel like repeating this whole discussion all over again for your benefit. Indeed, you do seem to repeat your questions quite often. If you don't like someone's answer, don't just repeat the question - address their answer. If you don't remember our discussion, it started pretty much around post #861. Unless you have something new to say that we didn't already discuss, then I think we pretty much covered it and left it at a disagreement.Nope, this is a very different topic altogether. It deals with the egoism involved when someone attempts to make her/his opinion into a universal. Under what claim of right do you do so?Did you even bother to look at the discussion that started from post #861? Apparently not. Again, I gave my answers there. If you want to continue that discussion from where we ended it, or tap into some part of my answer that we did not address, fine. Otherwise, I feel no need to repeat the same answers I already gave to this same question that you pose. By the way, if you keep repeating this point in future posts without bothering to address the answers I already gave in that earlier discussion, then I will simply ignore those posts.One more thing to note: In a Democracy such as ours, if the majority is large enough, then the whole Constitution could be rewritten via a new Constitutional Convention. Given current politics, that is extremely unlikely, but the calling of a new Constitution is built into our political system as an option. The bottom line is that a large enough majority can decide on pretty much whatever law they want anyway so we should focus on current US and world politics, not on where a future majority might lead us.You cannot plunder what does not yet exist. Nor is a soul a matter of fact, either.Do you exist?At present, yes. Not as a blastocyst, however.You were once a blastocyst. You exist, and so what is your purpose in life? Jesus died for all and loves all that he has made. He gives life and life abundantly to all who believe in Him.No, I was not. Nor was I once a gleam in someone's eye. Nor does that detract anything from my inherent worth as a human being who exists, at present.Were you conceived?A human egg was fertilized. Eventually this develops into a person with an identity. In my case, who I am, today. But everything else you're putting on this is your own religious faith.Everyone has an identity, everyone possesses traits of individuality. Everyone conceived is different and individual from everyone else conceived. You were conceived and eventually you will die.Eventually, "I" as an entity began to conceive -- that is, "I" came into being. Though whether I was conceived -- as in act of intelligence by another -- is a question of faith. There was a fertilized egg -- that's all we can agree upon. And there is an awful lot of "coding", if you will, in a fertilized egg. But "coding" is not a person at a later date. I can write a play. Put it down on paper. Without the actors playing their parts, however, it's just on paper. Yes, sooner or later, I will die. Cease to exist -- just as I did not exist at an earlier state in time. Except for matters of faith.You can write a play, perhaps, but can you write a double-helix DNA strand and have it accurate and meaningful? The common factor present in all living organisms, from bacteria to man, is the information contained in all their cells. It hs been discovered that nowhere else can a higher statistical packing density of information be found than that found in DNA. Who is the author of this DNA?This is a question of faith. There may not be any "author" in this respect. And, even if there were an author, he may have signed over the copyright. The woman is the person who has to decide, "Is this a production that's going to fly or not? And whether it is or isn't, do I want to go through this?" It's quite an undertaking -- and to dictate for others.Abortion is plunder of the child's entire life and the woman's soul.I bet you both go to church.The Pub is my churchYes, well in some towns they're like two rooms in the same house.I don't live in Some TownsSounds to me like you do live in one of those towns, Winston. Where you never left that house. You just went from one room, leaning over the back of a pew -- to the other room, leaning over the counter. In either case, asking the bartender to ... "serve up another!" And send you, please lord, to "la la land".Pubs in rural Australia have only one room.Are you waving as you fly to heaven?I am already in heaven, I live in Australia. Just saying goodbye to you and Merry Xmas and a Happy New Year to SIMONE Adiosis it so hard for women to keep their legs crossed? the only women's leg openers I know apart from rape, are lust and/or money.Not at all fond of women, are you?On the contrary, I am prefer women to men. I find (in general) women more intelligent than men and less aggressive. I don't find my comment misogynist at all. What did I say that it isnt true? I was reading in a magazine 8 reasons why women cheat on men and how they are better at hiding it than men. Men not only are not as good as women at hiding their infidelities but they only have one reason. No prize for guessing the correct answer.I can only conclude that all sex is to you is getting away with infidelity. Rather a shallow take on the topic.not at all. I was just referring to what I read in a women's magazine that my wife left around. Don't tell me that some women don't cheat? I have nothing as I said against women. My daughter has a Master in Medical Science and soon she will begin studying for a Master in nursing. We go to art galleries together and she is much smarter than I. Would I say this if I hated women ?Why the devil do you keep harping on about women who cheat then? You seem obsessed with the idea of women being unfaithful. Why?Do I? a touchy subject for you, Antonia and mae, among others? Don't tell me that some women don't cheat? I was just referring to what I read in a women's magazine that my wife left around (written you would say by a woman obsesses with women cheating, and read by women obsessed with women cheating) I also read in a New Scientist magazine that scientists have found that men suspect women of cheating even when there is no reason for it and also that women are better at hiding it than men. According to the scientists this behaviour is a product of evolution for males dont want to care and raise children that are not their own. Why the female of the species cheat? The New Scientist didnt say, so for that you need that women magazine and you being women know it better than I. So why women cheat, Simone, Antonia ?Why do men cheat?I asked first : why do women cheat?But I certainly am not obsessed with cheating men. I don't constantly refer to cheating men. You, sirrah, are obsessed and you ought to do something about it. You could begin by considering the real fact that men cheat. So, why do men cheat?is it so hard for women to keep their legs crossed? the only women's leg openers I know apart from rape, are lust and/or money.