1: S1 sympathetically suggests why some feel 9/11 was a conspiracy. S2 says only stupid people believe that. S2 misspells consiracy. S1 says that is an unfair characterization. S2 says those people are still stupid.
2: The first poster claims that 9/11 was a conspiracy due to Bush pushing for war, expecting to make money from the oil in the middle east.  The second poster claims that to believe 9/11 was a conspiracy, someone would have to be a fool.
3: Person 1 criticizes Bush for exploiting other nations for oil, and explains how his actions have led to 9/11 conspiracy theories. Person 2 states that only idiots are 9/11 truthers. Person one argues that you can’t force your beliefs on others. Person 2 states that people have the freedom to be stupid.
4: I think the two people are arguing about whether Bush should put more army in Middle Eastern countries or not. S1 thinks that Bush injecting US army to Middle Eastern countries leads to speculations on the 9/11 being a conspiracy. And Bush also wasted a lot of money by doing so. Then comes the illogical and meaningless debate: S2 thinks that only a stupid fool believes 9/11 was a conspiracy, S1 thinks that many people believes 9/11 was a conspiracy and you cannot force them to change their ideas, and S2 replies sarcastically that people are free to be fools.
5: Some people believe that 9/11 was a conspiracy because they think Bush is just trying to control the oil market by sending in tons of troops.   
6: Speaker one doesn’t agree with Bush’s war tactics in the middle east and understands why people think 9/11 was a conspiracy.  Speaker 2 insults everyone who thinks 9/11 was a conspiracy and says they are ‘stupid fools’.  Speaker 1 seems to get defensive and says speaker 2 can’t make everyone agree with him. Speaker 2 ends by saying people can be as stupid as they want.
7: There’s a discussion if 9/11 was a conspiracy. First person thinks that Bush was desperate in injecting US military troops to Middle Eastern countries. He invested, expecting to get bigger returns from the availability of oil in those countries. However, the second person totally opposes this view with a sarcastic remark that only a stupid fool would believe 9/11 to be conspiracy. To this, the first person answers with a further sarcasm that stupid fools do exist and each person has his own ideology. This continues and the second person further taunts the first one by saying that people are free to be stupid fools. 
8: S1 presents some arguments in support of 9/11 conspiracy theory. S2 rejects them without consideration and states that conspiracy is a stupid idea.
9: Topic: Is 9/11 a conspiracy?
Opinion 1: Some people believe that 9/11  is a conspiracy.
Opinion 2: 9/11 is definitely not a conspiracy.
Conclusion/Dialogue Feature: Comparison/Contrast
10: The speakers argue to what extent ‘truthers’ have formed valid opinions. S1 presents arguments based on a description of Bush and certain notions that form the foundation of the conspiracy. S2 ignores these ‘facts’ and argues simply that only fools would believe this. S1 seems taken aback, but rather than taking the insult directly, S1 shifts so that it is not S1, but rather others who believe this conspiracy, and presents the argument that there are many truthers out there, which S2 negates as an argument by stating that people can believe whatever they want without that making them right.