
1: S1 and S2 discuss Ron Paul's position on abortion. S2 asserts that Paul is opposed to the practice. S1 asserts that while Ron Paul is opposed to it, he (Paul) feels that the decision should be up to the states. S1 indicates respects if not agrees with this position.
2: The posters are arguing about whether Ron Paul is opposed to abortion.  It seems that he does in fact oppose abortion morally, but does not intend to make a federal mandate outright abolishing the practice of abortion.
3: Person 1 states that people should not speak for God and try to hold authority other people, specifically on the topic of abortion. Person 2 asks if Ron Paul is against abortion. Person 1 says that he does personally oppose it, but maturely believes in leaving the decision up to the states. Person 2 gives a Ron Paul quote, opposing abortion. Person 1 repeats what he/she just previously stated. 
4: The two people here are arguing about abortion. S1 is for abortion, he thinks that women have the right to choose whether to give a birth or not. Then S2 points out that Ron Paul opposes abortion. S1 argues that Ron Paul opposes abortion ethically, but politically he left the judgment to the states. S2 quotes Paul’s speech, which makes S1 concede that Paul opposes abortion both ethically and politically. But S1 holds the point that Paul believes the decision should be left up to the judgment of the states.
5: Ron Paul opposes abortion but seems to leave it up to the states to decide.
6: Speaker one seems to be in favor or Ron Paul’s view on abortion saying that he opposes it ethically but politically wants the states to make their decisions.  He/she says god can make and enforce his laws but something about messengers can’t rule pro-choice individuals.  Speaker 2 asks if Ron Paul opposes abortion, to which speaker one responds yes but he wants it to be left to the states.  Speaker 2 quotes Ron Paul on his views of abortion.  Speaker 1 sticks to his opinion.
7: Two persons debate whether Ron Paul opposes abortion. First person thinks that Paul has left this decision to the states and this is a mature decision. However the second person feels that Paul does oppose abortion .To further support his view he gives an indirect quote of Paul in which Paul opposes abortion.
8: The speakers discuss a Ron Paul’s view on abortion. S2  suggests that Ron Paul opposes abortion. S2 quotes Ron Paul’s words in support of this view. S1  concedes that  Ron Paul doesn’t approve of abortion. S1 maintains that Ron Paul is not going too enforce  this  moral belief politically.
9: Topic: The role of God Messengers
Opinion 1: Messengers can't make or enforce God's laws, only God can.
Opinion 2: Messengers actively enforce God's laws.
Conclusion/Dialogue Feature: Opinions contradict each other. Comparison/Contrast
10: This debate focuses on a political figure, apart from S1-1, which seems to on a separate subject except for the last part about pro-choicers, which brings up the topic of abortion. S2 opens the debate by presenting Ron Paul as anti-abortion. The rest of the discussion is an attempt between the speakers to decide exactly what Paul’s position is. S1 argues that Paul believes states should decide [abortion laws]. S2 disagrees, presenting Paul’s thoughts about life from conception needing freedom. S1 does not take this citation as a valid argument against the stance that Paul would let states decide.
