In other words, you don't know. Contrasting that, evolution explains all kinds of stuff that helps us. Not only that but the benefit to us is instantaneously recognizable. Darwin knew going in that evolution would be of benefit to us and could explain many things we see in the world around us, otherwise I think he would have seen it as a waste of time and probably not pursued it.Benedict I'm still waiting for your previous post as categorical propositions. You've got a very bad strain of pragmatism there, people do not pursue scientific truth because the individual idea is helpful but because truth is helpful, and by the same token the non-true no matter how helpful it might be if true is always useless. (which is essentially what Benedict just said but in general form) Irrational evolution hasn't helped anyone anywhere, it's just deluded a large portion of the populace. Finally, I did not say I don't know; my position benefits us because it saves us from the harm of believing a false-hood.What does your theory explain?Why irrational evolution is wrong.So the purpose of your work is to disprove evolution? Do you really think that modern biology can survive if they dismiss evolution? Biology - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaI think modern biology would be totally fine without rational evolution much less irrational evolution. A machine works as it does regardless of it's origin. We only know to expect homology when we see homology but to exult evolution supporters will wire that through common descent to give the impression that common descent gave some useful insight. Those who literally think evolution has some kind of practical use need to be told that you can wake up in the morning without calling the ceiling evolution. They have to say insane things like inheritance is evolution and since we need to understand inheritance we must understand evolution. In fact the best example someone could possibly give to that point would be researchers considering the adaptation of bacteria to anti-biotics. To explain that they would need rational evolution, but why do they need to explain it? As everyone keeps telling me it makes no predictions, all they can do is say that the thing might change again in the future.... so much for the foundation of all biology.What is rational evolution and irrational evolution?Well the truth about the universe is that the truth doesn't depend on what we need or want. If we don't understand that we will be harmed by our own ignorance in the long run. (and yes I see the ironic twists in that response)So you are saying the sonic system and the intelligence of dolphins can not be explained by evolution?Correct, nor any other system.So breeding dogs using selection is plausible, but making big changes like from lower intelligence to higher intelligence or developing a XXXX-hole in the top of your head is not?The scale involved is unimportant except to the odds of spontaneous generation. Dog breeding may have produced a great deal of diversity but as of yet no one's tried to construct novel systems with it. That is conceivable for people to do because we can have a final system in mind and select for something that is not naturally beneficial merely because it moves towards the system we are trying to build. I know no example in any animal breeding of this occurring, even our genetic engineering usually just tampers with existing systems to suite our tastes or we just copy useful proteins from other organisms and paste them onto crops and such.Evolution gives us very reasonable explanations to everything we see around us, just because we haven't seen all of it doesn't mean the rest of what we know is wrong.Support that.Supporting common sense seems redundant. So then you propose that everything we know is unsupportable like some story from Ren Descartes?The sonic systems for one. Their intelligence has no doubt taken a unique path since divergence and is superior to most land mammals.They were not different before contact, as I've explained, humans are the complicated example of taxonomy. You can really only compare genetics and morphological similarities in relation to other organisms when classifying humans. Polar bears and brown bears don't reproduce in the wild. I speak of interbreeding in taxonomy as meaning random, wild mating. Scientific arguments need evidence. Do you have any?So mere isolation is not sufficient. Why does how it happened matter? (and they have) All arguments need only true premises.Yes. Because you can cross breed a great number of the members of a given genus in a laboratory. ...So you admit to not be making a scientific argument?Then it is divergence plus isolation? That is circular, 'it matters that it does not happen in the wild because it could happen out of the wild'. Scientific arguments are a subset of arguments, and I fail to see the significance of that qualifier.In most cases, yes. A claim or argument made regarding the nature of anything in the universe is considered a scientific claim or argument. Your argument along with the arguments made by evolutionists, and the arguments made by creationists and even religion in general, focus on the nature of something in the universe, thus making them scientific arguments or claims. Now you can begin to see why evidence is significant, with literally an infinite number of hypotheses about the nature of the universe. Without evidence, your argument holds as much weight as a creationist's, which is none in the scientific sector. So, a philosophical argument for example does not require evidence, because philosophy often deals with intangibles, and thus all arguments are equally valid. In science, an argument is only valid if it is supported. Which in turn means to say, either produce some evidence or don't expect to be taken seriously by any scientific intellect. Judging by your "tone" (if I am able to judge such a thing over the internet), being taken seriously is something you would like very much, otherwise you wouldn't spend so much time explaining your position over and over. As it stands, you want to be taken seriously for your scientific claims, yet you refuse to produce any evidence, and that's why we roll our eyes at your argument.Can you give the complete definition that fits all cases, and contains no subjective criteria please. Then all sound and cogent arguments are scientific arguments rendering the term superfluous. As I said the need for evidence is automatically protected by the rules of logic. If philosophical arguments are not scientific arguments they are all equally false according to your definition of scientific argument. I have all the evidence I need. Perhaps I mean it when I say that debate is important to advance human knowledge and cooperation. As for explaining myself over and over again, it's either that or ignore people. If you wish to be ignored please inform me. You roll your eyes because you are ignorant, you do not even know what the nature of logic is to think it can be decoupled from evidence.False. Not all arguments are scientific arguments, because not all arguments deal with the nature of the universe. Abortion, drug war and gun control debates deal with human practices; politic debates deal with societal structures; an argument with your wife about how to spend your year's bonus is not pertinent to how items in the universe work. Scientific debates work differently than any other for a number of reasons. For one thing, you need hard, empirical evidence to support your arguments. Without any, you have a scientific assertion when attempting to put forth your idea as a viable argument. Logic is used in a scientific argument to piece evidentiary evidence together to make some sort of inference, and an interpretation which would support your argument. Saying you base your scientific argument on logic alone without evidence is like saying you build your cabinets using carpenter's glue alone, without wood. Get yourself a Google and find it.All that is true is part of the universe. Are abortion, guns, politics, societies, and bonuses not in the universe? Once again you are ignorant. All arguments rely on evidence; they're called premises. There is nothing extra or needed just because you tack on your prefixes like some religious apologist. Then you will no longer contest my statements on the quality of definition.Abortion, gun control and political debates do not discuss the nature of the universe. I never said "not all arguments deal with something in the universe", I said "not all arguments deal with the nature of the universe." Not all arguments rely on evidence. There is no evidence in political debates, because politics is a subjective topic. Right and wrong do not exist in subjectivity. Science is very much objective, so there are good and bad interpretations of evidence. Once again, I can see you are no scientist, and being an engineer does not make you one (lol). You have a misunderstanding of what scientific evidence is. Of course, I won't be able to convince you of this due to your inherent stubbernness. Unfortunately, no one here has been able to convince you of anything, as your bloated ego is crafted from weapons-grade titanium, despite you delivering consistently incorrect information, many of which pieces have been pointed out as being false.But were they a different species before contact? Are polar bears and brown bears the same species now that we have confirmed a hybrid? Every diploid organism is genetically diverse from each other. If you're saying divergence constitutes a new species how much? Arguments need premises, and I have them.a) My statements were argumentative, as seen by the context. Redundant premises were excluded. b) You have yet to show a contradiction. YOU have made a contradiction. You: "...'regarding the nature of', 'dealing with', and 'pertaining to' are all closely synonymous (as attested to by dictionary.com)..." Me: "as you still owe me a link which defines '...the nature of...' as being synonymous with '...pertaining to...'" You: "No I don't, I never claimed that." Statement A = 'regarding the nature of' and 'pertaining to' are synonymous You: Statement A Me: Prove Statement A You: I did not make Statement A Remember when I told you how silly you sound sometimes?All the premises were redundant? Can you please provide a quote of the bolded?No; you've called the quote a statement, and you've said a statement within an argumentative context is a premise. Thus, I've given an argumentative premise. Upon being asked to provide the dictionary.com link which states "nature" as being synonymous to "pertaining", you said this: "I never claimed that." [#185] I then put the record straight by saying "Just for reference - you are now stating that you've never claimed that "...the nature of..." and "...pertaining to..." are synonymous." [#186] You have replied with "Correct." [#187]I have not said the bolded explicitly, and an argument is still not a premise. Perhaps I wasn't clear, provide a quote of me denying statement A.What?? You didn't. You claimed not to have said statement A. If you had denied it, that would be okay, because indeed statement A is false.I did say statement A, but I did not deny it. If you require a nitpick to keep you from losing correctness in the details I am happy to provide that service.Nonononono. You said statement A, then you claimed not to have said it. Drop the whole denying thing, because it is redundant and a red herring.That opinion explains a lot. You're right that it's built in though, just like the ability to do math. Doesn't mean that there isn't an art to doing it correctly, one that allows you to recognize mistakes both to avoid them yourself and the reject them in the opposition. So why didn't bennedict know that the statements he posted weren't arguments? How could he miss the contradictions in his statements on the definition of a scientific argument?