They are both human beings because they meet the definition of human being.[/QUOTE]Per your definition the hydatidiform mole would then ALSO be a human being. So you must claim them to be identical as well, then??? That would be insane, your definition doesn't work.No, it wouldn't. From what I understand of the hydatidiform mole, it is a growth that contains a now dead embryo. I could be wrong because I don't know much about them but the mole is just the growth around the embryo as part of the placenta so it wouldn't match the definition I gave.You understand it wrongly. The hydatidiform mole develops INSTEAD of the embryo and fetus. It is formed from conception. So what standard do you use to distinguish them? Certainly nothing you have said so far is distinguishing between them. So better come up with a new definition that does indeed make a distinction.This is not how I understand what a hydatidiform mole is and I am not sure what you are saying it is. If it does fit my definition then so be it, doesn't bother me but I can't say it does. This is what I understand: http://www.besthealth.com/Health+Enc...=1&gcid=000909Your lack of understanding is not my problem It is a product of conception, a merging of a human sperm and a human egg that grows into a mass of cells It does mean that you are saying the hydatidiform mole is an entity. So a tumor now is an entity. Hmm....I'm saying I highly doubt you know what you are talking about and since you can't seem to give me an understanding of hydatidiform mole that is consistent with what I have recently read then I have no way to address your questions.Well, since what you so often "recently read" seems contrary to reality, I don't really care. I provided an accurate description of the formation of a hydatidiform mole. Funny how you could not find the description that I provided. The first couple of links in Goggle show it quite clearly: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydatidiform_mole' http://www.paternityangel.com/Articl...EarlyLoss4.htm http://www.merck.com/mmhe/sec22/ch252/ch252h.html Reality is that the hydatidiform mole is a direct product of conception and forms a gestational tumor that can kill the woman. yet, your definition of "entity" defines it as something that should be a human life and be protected. Sick.From the first source that worked (first one wasn't linked correctly) causes the growth of abnormal tissue (which is not an embryo) within the uterus. This is what I was saying earlier so it doesn't meet my definition.It grows tissue INSTEAD of an embryo. If you WANT to be deceptive and dishonest about this, feel free. But right now, you are merely cowardly trying to avoid having to admit that your definition was unworkable. You will rather engage in cowardly sophistry than admitting your error. How truly lame and pathetic of you.I quoted directly from your source. Don't blame me if your source disagrees with you. It grows, most of the time, from what would have been the placenta. It is therefore a tissue of the woman and is no more than that. It doesn't qualify as a unique entity or unique organism.I argue that they are both human beings..they aren't identical anymore than an adult and a child are identical.If you had quoted a Scientific Journal then it would be different. As I showed, it is not a Scientific, Peer-reviewed journal, but rather a membership journal you pay for publishing in, ie. a "vanity journal." So you are AGAIN lying. How can you LIE that much?Really? Is the AAAS a non-scientific organization too? Hope you don't read the journal Science because it isn't good enough for you. You just choose to attack the source because it disagrees with your viewpoint. Don't let science get in the way of your fanatic beliefs. If it isn't a peer-reviewed journal than why does it have to be reviewed by two experts in the field? Why is the journal associated with the AAAS? Why do you attack the source and not offer one that supports your view? Is it because you can't provide evidence for any claim you make or because you enjoy the taste of sand? Keep digging that hole Dane.Hard to say, but their journal doesn't meet the criteria for a Scientific Journal. Sure it is. Are you saying that the Scientific Journal Science is using the same criteria for publishing and peer-review as your source uses? Or are you LYING again? Nope. I showed how it is not meeting the requirements for a Scientific Journal. That you ignored the evidence just further attests how truly corrupt and dishonest you are. My goodness, you are talking to the mirror again. There is NO evidence that these are the type of reviewers chosen. I documented how reviewers were chosen, so you now choose to LIE again. It is their journal. That's mentioned and documented on their website. Did you miss that?And you get to decide this because???? I'm guessing the only journals that you support are those written by NOW. I'm saying the AAAS publishes it. The requirements you arbitrarily made up? Really? I was thrown off by this: "Manuscripts will be reviewed by experts in the research area". So other than them saying they do so, there is no evidence.... To add to your ever embarrassing failure here is a description of this journal provided by General OneFile: * About this Publication Title:Journal of the Alabama Academy of Science ISSN:0002-4112 Format:Magazine/Journal Peer-Reviewed:Y Frequency:Quarterly Language:English Audience:Academic Gale Subject Headings:Science and technology Description:Science journal. Index Coverage:Jan 1, 2000 - Current Full-text Coverage:Jan 1, 2000 - Current Publisher:Alabama Academy of Science Address:UAB Chem. Dept., Birmingham, Alabama 35294 No, but you did. It also isn't their journal...the journal is an affiliate which I agree means you believe that journal represents your values. So if the AAAS, a respected organization, supports this journal why can't you? Why have you still failed to provide any proof that my definition is wrong?Nope, there are standards for a journal to be Scientific. I already pointed out where this journal doesn't fit these requirements. Who? I accept those journals as scientific that are following the requirements of the independent peer review and submission policies that makes them scientifically valid. This journal does not hold an independent and secret peer-review, nor does it select on content merit; instead going for you paying for submissions. These points makes the journal not scientific. you were trying to claim that it was the equivalent of the journal Science. Nope, the requirements necessary for being a scientific journal. The submission requirements clearly stated that the authors had to submit a list of reviewers. That makes it NOT an independent evaluation. Because it is not a peer-reviewed, Scientific Journal. It doesn't meet the standards, it is what is called a vanity journal. I provided proof earlier.It seems to be a scientific journal based on the standards you wrote and based on reality. I already posted where it was a peer reviewed journal and now you just don't wish to admit you are wrong. Can you show these are actual requirements for a scientific journal or are you just making stuff up again? Furthermore, how is a "secret peer-review" independent? Seems like that lacks transparency. I'm claiming the people that operate the journal Science support this journal (the AAAS that is). Apparently it is because you keep addressing it. Yes it does. No you didn'tYou seem to repost that lie time after time. The journal requires one author to be member of their organization, it refuses independent editing and requires the authors to pay to be submitted. As I have pointed out, these requirements precludes it being a scientific journal. Your ongoing claims to the contrary, after you have been shown otherwise. Really? Where is it listed that the article is reviewed by experts in the field, and who do not know who the authors are? Oh, wait, you didn't provide that information anywhere. now you just don't wish to admit you are wrong.[/quote]I documented where you are lying. That does not make me wrong. Let me help you with some easy reviews: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_review You got to be incredibly ignorant about this when you don't even know that the secrecy is about who the author is. We KNOW who the peer-reviewers are, but the peer-reviewers are not supposed to know who the authors are. Sheesh. Is there ANYTHING at all that you know about the Scientific Method? Or are you utterly and completely science-illiterate Are you? Where is your documentation? Sure I did.There is nothing that you have given that shows this journal to not be credible. The fact that they are associated with the AAAS (the writers of the journal Science) is proof enough. Furthermore, I showed where a company responsible for maintaining a database articles has declared this journal to be peer-reviewed and acceptable. You provided the information actually. See that Word document you posted at the bottom. It says: "Manuscripts will be reviewed by experts in the research area". Furthermore, there is no criteria stating the author cannot know who is reviewing or that they have to know. You are grasping at straws here. I documented where you are lying. That does not make me wrong. So your claim is yet ANOTHER LIE . Are you at all able to post without lying ? I find it a little ironic that you quote wikipedia to try and prove a scientific journal is not up to journal standards. Furthermore, nothing in that wikipedia article suggests this article isn't peer reviewed. In fact, we have already seen where people believe it to be peer reviewed. Seems your article suggests the peer-reviewers shouldn't be known by the public. Furthermore, are you claiming wikipedia is the standard? http://www.aaas.org/aboutaaas/affili...ies_of_scienceQuoting a scientific journal isn't a scientific argument?Regardless of what creationist lie-sites have told you, brain waves is the electrochemical pattern of interaction between the brain's cortex, brain-stem etc. As the connection that makes this possible doesn't happen until the end of the 26th week of pregnancy, this is also the time when the first actual brain waves occur. Now, 26th week is NOT early in the pregnancy.Like normal, science disagrees with you: The brain is developing rather early and brain waves are detectable between 6-8wks http://pregnancychildbirth.suite101....egnancy_week_8 Be sure provide sources with your post to back up your "26th week" argument. Edit to add another reference: http://www.pregnancy.org/article.php?sid=1488 Day 40: Brain waves can be detected and recorded.Nope, that's not science. Look up "thalamocortical tract" Good heavens do we have to teach you EVERYTHING? Brainwaves are coordinated electrical impulses, not random ones. AT 40 d, the fetal "brainwaves" are similar to those you get from a plant. Go learn what brainwaves are, why don't you. Sheehs!!!So you have no source. I thought this would be the case. Why don't you make a real argument by providing sources and actual data. I provided two and you have nothing like normal.http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/4...?dopt=Abstract http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1...?dopt=Abstract http://brainmind.com/FetalBrainDevelopment.html You provided two regular sites and lied, claiming they were scientific. SO no, you provided nothing.I have looked at these sources and found nothing to refute the claim that brain waves start around 6-8wks. My sources were accurate and provide science data...your sources provide science data but don't refute anything I said.you have yet to prove your claim. Tell me, what are "brain waves"? My sources were accurate and provide science data...[/quote]Nope. It proves no cortical/thalamical/brainstem interaction until the 26th week of pregnancy, and therefore not even the possibility of brain waves.Brain waves are electrical activity from the brain. Every source I have seen says brain waves start at 6 weeks. This is not refuted by anything you linked to. Please provide specific data to show that brain waves do not start at 6wks but the 26th week.brain waves begin rather early. Do you discriminate now?No-one is lying to you, m'dear. We are just wondering how you would tell the difference between an acorn and an oak tree... or even realise there is one.I don't know much about acorns and oak trees and I wasn't addressing you anyway.Awwwww! So what you are saying, in effect, is that an anti-abortionist is a person who can't tell the difference between an oak and acorn, or a chicken and an egg?I'm saying an anti-abortionist doesn't have to be an expert of trees. I go on to say I wasn't addressing you so if you wish to ask me a question do so in the proper way.Hmmmm. OK. Is your knowledge of human biology any better than your knowledge of oaks and acorns?Yes, it is.Hmmmm. OK. So tell us, why are a human zygote and an adult human being identical? Please note, saying they have the same DNA doesn't allow you to distinguish between Einstein's hair follicle and Einstein.I argue that they are both human beings..they aren't identical anymore than an adult and a child are identical. They are both human beings because they meet the definition of human being.A zygote doesn't meet my definition of a human being. Humanity is something you grow into, or become, not a category that is created at the moment of conception. If a zygote is a human being, then so is an egg or a sperm, or a liver cell. They all fit your definition. I can see the next campaign slogan now: Save the Spermatozoan Americans! They even have a battle song for it already: "Every sperm is sacred, every sperm is great. If a sperm gets wasted, god gets quite irate." Very moving.Ok, well you are the definer of words. I go by biology definitions and/or the dictionary. No, they don't.You have zero knowledge of biology, and the dictionary doesn't support your bizarre definitions. All you ever do is spout your religious nostrums as thought were either relevant or interesting.Wait a second....are you...are you lying to me?You mean your religion (not science) doesn't support reality. I haven't brought up religion in this thread yet you seem to bring it up in every post. Your hatred for religion blinds you which is why you have no arguments but instead choose to insult members or this forum and others that disagree with you.I don't have a religion. I leave that to you lot. Steve, you "not bringing up religion" on this thread is like the pope not bringing up Catholic theology.Try, it is more of a cult. Where did I bring up religion when addressing you?Yes, I know religion is a cult. Science is neither. When do you ever exclude religion from your arguments?When I don't address it. Every false religion is a cult and therefore your's is a cult.Well, I am not surprised you think science is a cult. I guess you think everything you don't understand is a cult.I never said science was a cult...yet another thing you can't show. I said your religion is a cult. Trash science by calling scientists "XXXXXX"? Oh wait, that's you. And once again, you brought up religion in this thread...not me.Sweetums... what in your deranged imaginings do you possibly think my "religion" is? YOU are the one with a religion. I'm an atheist -- and that isn't a religion. And no... I've never called scientists XXXXXX. Neither have I trashed science -- that's your forte, because you pay it absolutely no heed at all. I've criticised the opinion of the idiot you quoted, because you were labouring under the mistaken impression it was a scientifically valid one, whereas he was merely contriving a definition to suit the anti-aborts. But you didn't understand enough of it to realise it wasn't valid. He's obviously up the creek without a paddle, and you haven't the nous to realise it.You do not have an organized religion, this I admit, but you have a religion none the less which is mainly based on hatred towards religion and using the word "science" as a smoke screen (not actual science) for it. Indeed, you merely implied it with terms like "local yokel" and dismissive of scientists that disagree with your religion. Wait I take it back because you just called him an idiot here. Funny, you haven't shown anything he said to be false or even misleading. You merely discredited him with no evidence of your own. In fact, you still haven't provided any evidence to anything you have ever said in this thread to me.It's true I have contempt for some kinds of religion, particularly monotheistic ones. I've seen how much mental and physical damage they can do to people, believers or not. Sometimes especially non-believers. But as you cannot identify what religion your bizarre imagination seems to associate me with, I'd suggest it's plain stupid to call a non-existent religion a cult. Since i have no religion, there are no scientists who disagree with it. The local yokel wasn't disagreeing with me, he was clearly contriving a pseudo-scientific definition for the sake of his religious beliefs. You anti-abortion activists ought to give science envy a rest. Sorry, dear, but I was just pointing out the yokel in question wasn't, in fact, making any kind of scientific argument. He wasn't proposing or testing any hypothesis. He was simply making assertions of opinion you happen to agree with because they fit in with your religion. For all I know, the yokel hadn't even intended to make a statement that purported to be scientifically valid, despite being nothing more than a personal opinion. It could be you simply misread what he said. Wouldn't surprise me at all -- you often read things into what people write that were never there. On the other hand, if he meant it the way you read it, I'll repeat he is an idiot.Religion doesn't require organization. In any event, it doesn't exactly matter what I think of you. Of course this is a fallacy because you obviously have no idea what the article was about, you have no idea his religion, and you have no evidence he is wrong. It is just always the case that when some scientist disagrees with you they happen to be an idiot with crazy religious beliefs. He was acting on behalf of being a professional. If I give my opinion on fair-value accounting and I define the word "accounting" in there then I can do so because of my stance in the field. Not so much on these forums but in a peer-reviewed journal it works well. I actually read the entire article because I have access to that kinda stuff. You on the other hand have made a large number of assumptions based on nothing. I'd trust someone who read an article over someone who is guessing any day.Sorry, but he's still just spouting a personal opinion. There is nothing scientifically verifiable or testable about it, because it's purely a definitional assertion. In effect, he says a human being is whatever he says it is. So bloody what? We are not obliged to accept his idiosyncratic definitions, or yours. You have no scientific case to make here.And we don't have to accept yours yet you are the one saying I can't use human being as I do.No, I'm not saying you can't use any words or phrases any way you want to. Just don't expect everyone else to accept your personal definition as one that works for them. To me, it's ludicrous to define an embryo or foetus as a human being -- a human being is born. That's not to say that an embryo or foetus isn't human, of course it is, but a human being means much more to me than just tissue with human DNA, whatever its potential. In these days of cloning technology, any cell of your body is a potential human being, but that just doesn't make it an actual human being. Now, you are perfectly free to think in your own private definition that some gestating foetus is a human being -- so is any mother who harbours it, and I will respect the mother's definition. But I won't respect yours as anything other than your idiosyncratic one. I won't respect your definition for some third party female who wants or needs an abortion -- she's the one who decides it's a human being or not, not you or me. Until you get that through your noggin, you haven't a prayer of understanding what I'm saying.Which begs the question why one member on this thread decided to say I couldn't. I'd go on to say you can't define words any way you want. Changing the definition of human being doesn't make something right or ok. Why does she get to decide? Can my mother decide if I am a human being right now? The argument was only about brain waves. I wasn't arguing that brain waves make someone deserving of rights. Brain waves begin at 6 weeks and I haven't seen anything to argue otherwise. This is the problem with debating you, you make a strawman argument out of everything. If I make an rebuttal to Another Opinion who said something like "brain activity is what makes you a person" with my response being "well what does this mean because brain activity starts from 6 wks and develops until well after birth" then I made no argument about brain activity being part of human rights or personhood or anything. You then have another poster come along and say brain waves don't start until 26wks and I say "no it is 6wks" which it is. You then pick it up and assume my argument is that at 6wks you have brain waves which makes you deserving of rights which is an argument I never made. You have created a strawman with the cockroach comparison. A classic fallacy when you aren't paying attention to detail.I'm not begging any questions -- disputes with other posters you'll have to address to them. I'm just giving you my opinion. Well, then don't do it. I think when most people think of "a human being", they don't think of a foetus. They think of another post-natal person. It's her body the foetus is physically attached to and feeds from. That's why SHE gets to decide, and NOT you or me. Nope. YOU are a physically independent individual. And what she may think of you in private is not my business! Well, "brain wave" isn't really a well-defined scientific concept. All it means is any kind of periodic, neuronal electrical activity, and there are many different kinds of brain waves. Foetuses do not, so far as I know, generate electrical activity similar to neonates till fairly late in pregnancy. So you are right, and they are right, and all is right as right can be. And I agree with you that mere presence of electrical activity does not mean the generator of such activity deserves full human rights. Quit projecting. That's your forte.And I disagree. No, if I am attached to someone right now at the fault of that person and removing me would kill me then that person has no right to do so since they put me in that position to begin with. Why is everything not a "well-defined scientific concept" when I present evidence that you or Dane disagree with from reputable sources? All of a sudden it isn't set in stone fact like when one of you provides a source (which is seemingly never) but rather only one opinion that means nothing. It is like you change the rules of the game to fit you. And a fairly late pregnancy doesn't produce the activity as a teenager since the brain is still developing (fairly significantly if I recall correctly) after birth. Keep in my I do not claim any high ground from brain activity as I don't believe this matters that much. I merely point out for the sake of Another Opinion that brain activity begins at 6 weeks. Whether it is organized brain activity or just your basic brain wave makes no difference to me when questioning another poster about a position. I don't deny the development of the brain. I only ask Another Opinion what part of brain development he/she believes to be of value and it obviously begins around the 4-8wk period and goes through different stages of development until well after birth. It isn't unreasonable to ask another poster this question.Of course you do, because you are a religiously motivated anti-abortionist. You aren't going to agree with ANY argument that permits ANY abortion. Duh! Tell me something I don't know about your opinions. Nope. It's not a woman's "fault" an embryo has grown. And as an embryo isn't aware of anything, it has no rights. For starters, you haven't presented anything "from reputable sources". Sorry, but neither "human being" nor "brain waves" mean what you want them to mean. Not to me. If you would stop trying to twist definitions to suit your religious prejudices, you wouldn't get into these semantic messes you can't escape from. Yes, neuronal electrical activity exists at about six weeks. You can't really call it a brain with all the functions of a brain, though. It's a developing brain, non-sentient at that stage. It can't even know it exists. It is true that brains develop gradually over several years. The important question to me is when sentience develops. I can't pinpoint that, but it seems ludicrous to assert it starts at "6 weeks" without an iota of evidence for it, and plenty of reason to think otherwise. Science just doesn't agree with you.It is the fault of the woman and man in 99% of the cases of abortion. The embryo doesn't decide to latch on to a random woman because, as you have pointed out before, an embryo is not conscious. And embryo can only be formed by the actions of two (in most cases). I don't care what brain waves mean to you, I care what it means as defined. I have two sources claiming brain waves being at 6 weeks and I have seen nothing to refute this and you certainly haven't. Ok, so you admit brain waves measured by an EEG exist at 6 weeks. That is all I was ever claiming...I never put any significance on that. Of course I never claimed sentience begins at 6 weeks so why don't you quit the strawman arguments.Steve, dear, science doesn't support your religious superstition. Why would you even want it to?