Then why are they obliged too? And its not really rape is it? Transvaginal ultrasound is a imaging technique used to create a picture of the genital tract in women. The hand-held device that produces the ultrasound waves is inserted directly into the vagina, close to the pelvic structures, thus often producing a clearer and less distorted image than obtained through transabdominal ultrasound technology, where the probe is located externally on the skin of the abdomen. Purpose Transvaginal ultrasound can used to evaluate problems or abnormalities of the female genital tract. It may provide more accurate information than transabdominal ultrasound for women who are obese, for women who are being evaluated or treated for infertility, or for women who have difficulty keeping a full bladder. However, it does provide a view of a smaller area than the transabdominal ultrasound.In the hope that by forcing women to see an image of the fetus, women will change their mind about terminating their pregnancy. It doesn't work. Coercion is not rape IMO. Others would disagree with my view.Why shouldnt the woman see an image of the potential child before she terminates it? And since when did that constitute rape?Why shouldn't a women be forced to see the image before getting a legal elective procedure? How would like to be required to submit to a prostate exam and provide a semen sample before you could buy condoms?Why shouldnt she see what she legally elects to terminate ? Condoms are a contraceptive not a termination. If I was the one that was legally obliged to make the decision to terminate a fetus then yes I should ( or at least I see no reason to) encounter the thing that I have elected to destroy..even if that meant a finger up the arse.( not sure about your implication of a semen sample...the vaginal ultrasound test does not require a female orgasm )Forced to see. Forced. Don't be evasive.She isnt FORCED she is required to have the procedure before the termination, it seems.What is the medical reason one would need a transvaginal ultrasound before an abortion procedure? None, that's what.Contraception and terminations are two completely different procedures with two completely different outcomes. Are the use of prophylactics the same procedure or even directly related to medical procedures to treat sexually transmitted diseases? You need to try harder than than Even if it was a requirement to provide a sperm sample and submit to a prostate examination before I could but condoms I would still have a choice( unlike your child) I would not be forced to do anything and it cetainly would not be tantamount to rape If after buying condoms a finger was forcibly thrust into my rectum and after that I was locked in a room with a dirty mag and told not to come out without a sperm sample then I could say that I was forced to do these things. That is why I object to the word force as well as the word rape..both are incorrect and dishonest. They suggest coercion and helplessness when none exist( except in your case). I am not forced to provide money in order to purchase goods it is a requirement.Contraception is morally repugnant to some religious folks just as abortion.So is eating pork apparently...beef to some.So what? What does religion have to do with the conversation between you and I? I never raised it and you dont believe in it.Religion as everything to do with the law we are discussing.It has nothing to do with the false accusations of rape and forced being injected into the proceedings. You may have religion on your mind regarding abortion and contraception but there are ethical and moral perspectives outside of religion that would require a woman to look at the potential child that she is about to destroy. Abortion is not just about relieving oneself of a parasite."Potential child" is a meaningless term. What something may become is not what it is. Where outside of religion is a person composed of 2,4,8 cells? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuum_fallacyNo its not a fetus is a potential child.It is a term that is just as meaningful as ' person' I never said that an 8 celled fetus is a person...in fact I never said a fetus at any stage is a 'person'. Incidentally what ultrasound scanner can produce an image for a 2,4,8 celled fetus?No, it is not or else we wouldn't see a move in a number of states to make conception the point when one has rights.They may see it as a religious issue..so what? We are not considering the religious issue of termination.That wasnt the OP. If the fetus was considered a person with rights the woman would not be allowed an abortion...periodWho do you suppose is sponsoring the legislation? Since it isn't a person, why should a woman be "required" to see images of it before aborting? Why are her rights subordinated to this non-person?I dont care What rights? Her right to not see it? If we are to enter a brave new world of disposable fetuses then at least the woman should look at the thing before she destroys it. If only to remind her to take the pill or demand her boyfriend uses a rubber next time especially if the state is paying for it. Jeez that poor darling who would have to bear the agony of looking at an image of the ' parasite' inside her would probably not baulk at looking inside her hanky before binning it( and if it is a ' non person with no rights and a parasite to boot then whats the problem?). If people are to indulge in the grown up world of sexual intercourse then they should face up to the consequences of feckless behaviour during it. People like you who demonise or present fetuses as parasites not worthy of a second look before crushing and binning are doing nothing for humanist morality. See no god thereNo, her right not to be compelled to undergo an invasive and unnecessary medical procedure to satisfy someone else's agenda. Who are you to decide that? Because you know she's been careless. The State forcing her for no medical reason. Feckless? Is it the sex or your lack of getting your share that's bothering you? I've done no such thing. I simply wish to let the woman decide while it's early without coercion either way.Some say that abortion is an invasive and unnecessary medical procedure People should have the courage to look at the thing they want to destroy. Most incidence of sexual congress are mutually agreed and contraception is very reliable so the odds are that she was. Careless or not she should be a witness to what she wishes to destroy. There may be no ' medical' reason to terminate the fetus I take it you have no argument so you chose to insult me instead While its early? So how would looking at an image of an 'early' fetus coercion. You want the fetus to be seen as a liability , something of no importance because it suits your agenda of abortion on demand.It has nothing to do with womens rights, instead it has everything to do with the notion that the fetus should be given no rights. Thats why you insist that a deluded religious person can believe a fetus has any right to a second thought from either the mother or the State.Why shouldn't a women be forced to see the image before getting a legal elective procedure? How would like to be required to submit to a prostate exam and provide a semen sample before you could buy condoms?Please describe the male internal genitalia. This is a direct reference to female genital mutilation. That's so what. I deny it is mutilation. Parents are required to force their children all the time. They often have no choice. I made the choice for him. I stand by it. I had my schnauzer cropped and docked too.It says external not internal. His foreskin is part of his external genitalia. You mutilated his penis. He had no choice. Parents standing by their decisions do not make them right decisions I am starting to believe you may be jewish SinjinRight, so no distinction between internal and external would be necessary if your definition applied to males. I would be proud to be Jewish but no. Btw, excluding Hispanics, 90% of American males are circumcised. 99% of American females prefer them that way. Just a guess.Right , so it said external Sinjin and external it was. You got a bit of his external genitalia cut off because you felt like it. Leave the female circumcision argument until you have your daughters clitoris cut off...until then it is irelevantWhat's irrelevant is the definition of female genital mutilation when discussing foreskin.Female genital mutilation has only been mentioned by you. I have only refuted that it is irelevant because it is. We are talking about you forcing your child to have his penis mutilated. Male genital mutilation. Female circumcision has nothing to do with it..You chose to apply the definition for female "circumcision" to male circumcision. Since genital mutilation is a crime in the US and circumcision is legal, mutilation it ain't.I did not. Female circumcision is done to females. It mutilates a different part of the body for a different end. The only connection that male and female circumcision have is that they are both genital mutilations. Dont try to swerve the obvious. You forced you son to have a procedure that mutilated part of his external genitalia. Female circumcision has nothing to do with it.I know So what? The destruction or removal of a portion or the entire external genitalia What is quite undeniable is that you forced... force - to compel, constrain, oblige, impose. force - to compel by physical, moral, or intellectual means. ..an infant to have a procedure of genital mutilation. You had his foreskin cut off because you felt like it...he had no choice