Emphasis mine You realize the fetus (or foetus) is a living human, right? And by living human I mean the noun sense of the word since Shooter loves playing tense games. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/human%20being The fetus qualifies the criteriaNo it does not. It is made up of living human cells, yes, but it of itself is not yet living or even having a chance of living outside the womb.You are made up of living human cells....believe it or not. The definition is as follows: a member of the species Homo sapiens. The fetus is a member of the species Homo sapiens no matter how many times you cover your ears and close your eyes and stomp your feet and say "no its not"Yes, I am made of living human cells. So is my kidney, so is my gallbladder, so is my appendix, so are my tonsils, my colon, etc., etc. The difference is that I have this thing called "intelligence" and this other thing called "mental activity and awareness". A foetus (unless late term when it is a baby) is just like the kidney, gallbladder, appendix, in that it doesn't have the "intelligence" and "mental activity and awareness". Otherwise, by your definition, it is a murder everytime a male masturbates as sperm are made of living human cells. Boy, my fiance sure was a murderer before he met me . And wow, we women are murdering every time we have our period. Guess we should be in a state of perpetual pregnancy to please youand? There are a large number of differences from a 1 day old baby and a 80yr old man. and? It isn't my definition..it is the definition. A sperm is not a member of the species homo sapien. This is basic biology. Sorry but you don't get to define words how you see fit.Not in the fact that they both have mental existance while a zygote and foetus do not. So, by the definition you seem to be going by, according to your responses, of a foetus being made of living human cells and thus it is a human, I'm pointing out that all of my organs are made of living human cells, so they should be considered human according to what you seem to be expressing. I know a sperm is not one, but again, going with what you are pushing, it would have to be included as one. (By the way, at what point of development do you consider it a human if you don't consider sperm a human by your standards? Just trying to find out how you stand.) Oh, and I'm not going to bother to continue arguing semantics, as another_opinion said, it's a waste of time to argue over dictionary definitions as there are "official" (also changeable) definitions and every-day definitions. It is the everyday that really matters when addressing people. I think that in the years to come, that "official" definition that you seem to hold so dear (which is in fact quite vague) will become much better defined. Here's an essay I found relating to that definition: http://home.att.net/~star_child/essay7.html I found it quite fascinating, and if things continue as they are with artificial intelligence, that definition might change sooner than you like. I'm not supplying it as any sort of "proof" or anything, but it really interested me.ok? and? well of the above are considered human..but I said a human or "human being". Once again paying attention to word tense means a lot. The noun human can refer to a fetus (much like baby can too) but not to an organ. No a sperm doesn't meet my definition. Furthermore, I don't use development a standard classifying what is or isn't human. I don't hold on to the definition other than to use it in a proper fashion. Words are always changing meaning (take the word "gay" for example) and I will use the most current form of the word. It makes no difference to me whether you call a fetus a goat or a bus or a human but at the very least make sure the word you are using is the proper sense of the word.I'm for allowing women to have the option of terminating the development of a foetus, which is not a living human (once again, I support actually aborting a developed baby if the woman's life or health is at risk)I like how you just claim a person is "sexist" and go to petty insults just because a person doesn't support abortion. Nevermind the fact that you have no basis for these assumptions, you just want to demean the other person...Perhaps you would like it if I called you a sexist or maybe a rapist lover? I have the same backing you for your claims. Anyway, you are getting really close to just slander (forbidden by the forum admin), I suggest all three of you calm it down as we have had many banned on here for the very tactics you use.Sorry, but I called him sexist because of his attitude toward women as shown in his post. As a women, I felt that his comments were rather demeaning and sexist. I don't call anyone anything unless it has a basis in what they have said or done. And about getting banned, lol! I'm calling it as I see it and I'm not afraid of your petty threats. Oh, and by the way, since you seem so obsessed with the dictionary, here you go: There is nothing false about my statement, therefore it is not slander. Slander is what Bush's buddies did to McCain in the Republican primaries (I think it was the primaries - whatever it is where republicans choose their candidate for president out of a group of republicans).So if I called you a child molesting rapist because I thought you were then you would be ok with this? It wasn't a threat...I don't ban people...I'm just saying that many folks have been.I'd be fine with it... If I said anything in my posts which suggested it, which I have not. (Not to mention the fact that females as "child molesting rapists" are rather rare and unusual) You see, with his post, it pretty much showed a sexist attitude, hence why I said that I bet (key word here) he was one of those sexists who blamed the victim for the rape (something frighteningly common from people who live near me). Um, that's why I said you don't scare me with your petty litte threats, as I know you cannot ban me as you are not a moderator. I'll let the moderators tell me if I've gone to far, and then I will abide by their decision, not yours.I guess we just have a different set of morals. Accusing someone of the things you did or me calling you a "child molesting rapist" is wrong.It's not wrong if it's true, based on the evidence (of which you would have none to call me that). If I were to call someone who has killed children a "child-murderer", is that wrong?what is this "evidence"? The fact that he doesn't think a rape victim should get an abortion? I'd like to see that one in a court case..HAAh, and here's what it is all about with you. the woman "created" it. Of course there is no mention of a male by you (sorry to tell you this, but, it takes two to tango). Here we see your true views on the subject: "It's all the woman's fault, she cause it, etc." Feel the same way about rape and incest? I'll bet you are one of the sexists who blame the victim for rape, and not the little $hit who actually raped her.The definition makes no distinction between those alive and those dead. Were a dictionary definition used, it would be difficult to deny the dead equal protection based on your reasoning. The dictionary definition also does not make a distinction based on the number of chromosomes. A sperm is human in the same way the fetus is human: they both contain human DNA. However, this is all moot. The dictionary definition has no authority over how we use words. It simply records how words are generally used. In a philosophical debate such as this, shadings of meaning are used constantly that you will not find in any dictionary. It is up to the participants to agree to use a word in a certain way to avoid confusion between them. A philosophical argument is to argue concepts , not semantics. Non-human animals are usually not considered to posess consciousness as we know it. However, we can make the distinction that your cat does not have a unique human consciousness.you can't join in so late This is simple biology...member of the species homo sapien doesn't mean a sperm cell, never has never will. It is moot but at the same time aggravating that people claim the fetus is a "human" and thus this justifies abortion. I believe to you this doesn't even matter. yet there is the word "human" agian...what makes human so important? (note: I agree that human is important).You cannot deny, however, that sperm is human for the same reason the fetus is human: both contain human DNA. The dictionary definition would then cover both. As opposed to non-human animals, such as your cat. Consciousness is generally considered unique to humans, but since you insist that your cat posesses this feature, human consciousness can still be distinguished.no one doubts the adjective sense of the word and what is special about the human aspect? That was my question.I see. And what makes something human in the noun sense of the word different from the adjective sense? Could it be that, ultimately, we're "characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools" like the dictionary tells us? Wouldn't that imply a mental existence to be a member? Special? In what way did I say it was "special"? Do you mean, what is different from a human consciousness than the animal consciousness? I have not asserted animal consciousness exists; you have.no. But the noun sense of the word says "member of species homo sapien" ...not having a brain capacity of 1400cc. ok, well if it does exist then does this change the way we deal with animals? If not then what is so special about a human as opposed to other animals that makes our consciousness worthy of value.By definition a member of the species homo sapien is characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools. Wouldn't you agree, then, that the definition implies a mental existence to be a member of our species? We're determining when to place moral value on a human , not an animal. It is generally accepted that the nexus of self requires greater brain capacity than other animals are capable of. Please make your point instead of asking questions. Your questions make no sense.An interesting definition I admit but every other definition there does not have the definition as so. Besides, a new-born is classified as in the species homo sapien and yet its brain is only 386cc or so. Any biology book also states that every living organism is classified in a species. Where would the fetus go if not human? So no, I do not agree that mental existence is required. they certainly make sense. I ask why does being human matter? You seem to think that you have to be 1) human and 2) conscious in order to have moral value. I am asking why the human criteria exists.Well, what is the dictionary criteria for being a human? It appears to be that humans are characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools. Therefore any who do not fall under this definition cannot be human. Would you agree? How else could the fetus be human if not by this dictionary definition? So, you're pulling definitions out of your XXX now? I don't care what you agree with the definition or not. I asked if you agreed that this definition seems to imply a mental existence. If we want to assess the moral weight of something that is human, then being human would be part of the criteria, yes? If we are asessing the moral weight of cats, the fact that it is a cat would be part of the criteria. If we are just asessing what has moral weight in general, then consciousness with no reference to species would be the criteria. What is your point?by the other 5 or so definitions. Either way, Sapien should be the word you look up as Homo Sapien is two words...but since we have 5 other definitions (this includes my at home websters) then I'll take the 5 over the 1. So I guess I disagree. Did you look at your own link? 5 other definitions (sources) saying the exact same thing...not one of them says anything about brain mass. I feel like you aren't answering my question. I am weighing the moral value of a human verus a cast or other animal. Why would the charateristic "human" be more valuable than say a cat...assuming they both have consciousness?I looked up Homo Sapien , which is the species we belong to. Do I have to repeat myself, Steve? Read it again: I don't care whether you agree with the definition or not. I asked if you agreed that this definition seems to imply a mental existence lol! Ok, lets look at those other definitions. First one: The modern species of humans . How does one determine if the fetus is of the modern species of humans? Second one: The biological classification of modern humans . How does one determine if the fetus is a modern human? Third one: the only surviving hominid; species to which modern man belongs . How do we determine this, Steve? The only definition that mentions any sort of criteria was the one I quoted. Wouldn't you agree the definition I quoted implies a mental existence, Steve? Let's look at it again, Steve. It says that humans are characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools. You feel this way because you aren't coming to your point. I am answering as best I can. I did not say that human animals are intrinsically more valuable than a cat. We are weighing the moral value of a human, though, which is why it is part of the criteria. Or are you trying to draw the discussion off-topic?I disagree that certain definition implies mental existence. You determine this by taking a biology class Yeah, I'd say it implies more of a full development than "mental existence". No we are not weighing that...I made the question not you. We are weighing the moral value of a human over a cat. What makes the human have more value than a cat....what about a monkey that has more "intelligence" than some humans? You seem to just not want to answer!What the heck is "certain definition"? Do you agree or disagree that the definition I quoted implies a mental existence? Oh? Are you trying to tell me that the dictionary definition cannot tell us what it is to be human?! You can't be serious! The dictionary definition knows all and tells all! You must be wrong. So what is the criteria, then? What makes us 'a human' as opposed to 'human'. Oh, so only fully developed... things... are human if they fit that criteria? What are they before they are fully developed? This question is off-topic, then. Make a new thread about what makes humans of more moral worth than animals to various posters.Disagree. I stated that. The "certain definition" was the one you quoted. Are you suggesting the dictionary is meaningless? If you want to try and define every word in every definition then you could come to the conclusion that nothing is defined. You asked questions that were not related to definition as it assumes some level of knowledge (ie not questioning every word in the definition). The criteria for the word human is set up in the dictionary as that is what they are there for. I don't claim you have to put any moral significance on this. I said the definition you selectivily chose implies a fully developed body. This contradicts the other 5 definitions in the same link you gave me so I reject the definition you gave. It beats me what dictionary.com (the source of that definition) thinks 2yr olds are. It is right on topic. Why can't you answer? The discussion we were having was about consciousness and that being the deciding factor for moral value. I said that my cat has consciousness and then you said my cat was not human. My question is why should "human" matter?I see. On what basis do you disagree that dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools implies a mental existence? I see. You are then claiming the dictionary does not provide a criteria for being human, and instead assumes we know this criteria? What is the criteria then, according to Steve? Contradicts in what way? I see no contradiction. The other definitions provide no criteria, while the one I quoted did. Yet it is unacceptable to you for some reason you have not supplied. The deciding factor for moral value... in humans. Whether it applies to non-human animals or not would be the subject for another thread.I get the idea that our English classes are failing on every level. For one, it is hard to be a member of something when you are dead. Secondly, the definition is what it is. My cat mentally lives...she must be a human