Care to prove it? Buddhists don't believe in Creation so I seriously doubt they would include anything such as ID into their Doctrine. ID is creationism after-all.No its not. Samsara and karma plus a little imagination would be enough . You are stuck with the idea of a god with a long white beard commanding the natural universe and cannot get beyond that. I pity youI'm not stuck with God You are. I know God doesn't exist . You didn't prove anything... I've never heard a Buddhist claim there is a Intelligent designer.. Or a God.. I pity you...If intelligent design as YOU see it needs a creator god ( a designer) then you are correct. However a Buddhist model of the universe requires a self awareness of the universe itself and a regulating system within it( karma). Karma is just as applicable to all forms of flora and fauna as it is to humans. Just that only humans can recognise it. You wouldnt know Buddhist doctrine from scribblings on a toilet door so I am not surprised you cannot imagine Buddhism accommodating ID or at least a form of it. Your problem is that your imagined god that you think others imagine makes you angry and frustrated....goodI never claimed to Know what Buddhism is all about, but I know that The Buddhist Religion Does not believe in a Creator or any kind. They believe that questions pertaining to the origin of life are a waste of time. Taking that into consideration you would be wrong in your assertion that Buddhism could be involved in Intelligent Design. Creationism, Although not specific to the Biblical God still maintains that a higher being Created Life. Intelligent Design was created to by a group of creationists.. You are wrong, get over it. Are YOU frustrated yet?.. I hope so...My assertion is not that they could be involved with intelligent design.creationism you imbecile. My assertion is that intelligent design could be accommodated withinn Buddism by karma and samsara...way way way over your head lol Yes I am frusterated..I dont suffer fools like you gladly . The trouble is that there are more XXXXXX like you than cockroachesAnd as I have kindly pointed out to you your assertion is wrong. Glad you are frustrated, most religious freaks get this way in the face of reality, don't feel bad it will go away as you slowly come into reality.I am frustrated by your idiocy. I get frustrated by imbeciles and your are an imbecile...sorry for the bad news.Funny, your ignorance doesn't frustrate me at all..Buddhism is not creationist but can easily accommodate ID within its doctrine.Another idiotic post. Christian Buddhists accept Christ as an enlightened one without recognising his divinity( or any divinity). Not Christian as you see it but Christian all the same..there are some CHRISTIANS who doubt that Christ was devine. Can you chew gum and fart at the same time? I doubt it. You wouldnt know a true Buddhist if you fell over oneThen that would make them something other than a Christian, perhaps a Diest.. I suppose you would know all about Buddhism given the fact that you continuously defend your "GOD" .. oh wait.. You don't know XXXX about Buddhism. True Buddhism cannot and would not support ID/Creation .. You're simply wrong, live with it and stop acting like your buddy EZ.Nope, if you follow what you think is christ's teachings even if they are not what is tradtionally accepted as Christian you can by definition call yourself a christian. A buddhist who concentates on the teachings of a supposed buddha..in this case christ..could by definition call themselves a buddhist christian or a christian buddhist. You have demonstrated that you not only do not understand Christianity or buddhism you do not understand English either. YOU are far closer to the character of EZ that you throw around as an insult to others. So stop being like your fantasy EZ and start using your brain cell. Hows your greek mythology study going?Still dont understand it ?lol You keep linking id with creationists..stop being like your fantasy buddy EZlol.. doesn't matter how many times you try to explain it , You're still wrong. ID was born out of Creationism.. I don't have to link what is evident to anyone with a brain.So your argumet is that I am wrong because you say Im wrong...just like your fantasy buddy .no, you're wrong just because you're wrong. I just happen to agree with the the fact that you're wrong. You should feel better now knowing you and your buddy EZ have something in common.Wriiten by Xcaliber 6 1/2 years old lolI see your frustration level is rising. Does it really hurt that much to be an Ignorant Fool?..You should know, you have the experienceYou have me mixed up with someone else.. I've not been ignorant since I opened my eyes to reality and stopped living in a world of delusion... Unfortunately you haven't evolved to this level as of yet, you're still stuck in the world of delusion... Frustrating ain't it....Yeah I have too, but they aren't true Buddhists. True Buddhism does not recognize a God. They're merely Christians using various teachings of Buddhism to further understand their own Religion.. Doesn't make them any less Christian. A true Buddhist would never be involved in Creation or ID.Xcaliber thinks an IDer is whatever he thinks it is. Just like his fantasy buddy EZNo an Id'er is what it is, a neo-Creationist who is tired of losing the battle with Science. ID is Creation.. I didn't make that up idiot.You are the idiot because you cant get beyond your default definition. It doesnt matter if the idea of ID without a creator god is preposterous, that in itself it does not exclude the idea of a creatorless notion of ID.It's not my definition of ID.. that is just a fact you refuse to acknowledge. So why don't you enlighten us all with your brilliance and tell us exactly how you would explain Intelligent Design without the use of a Intelligent Designer/Creator... And you call ME stupid? that's Hilarious...If you look at the notion of samsara and karma then evolution must be a contolled phenomenon. The intelligence would be inate insofar as the laws of karma always produces a logical (and calculated) reaction to any action. Samsara would accommodate the continuous cycle of life where the laws of karma operate Is this too complex for you? An truly infinite universe negates the existence of a creator god anywayKeep telling yourself that.. It won't become any more real but if it keeps you busy And makes you feel good oh well....So it was too complex for you.....Like I said, if it makes you feel better.. lmao.. Again your frustration is amusing.Is that all you got?lolWhat more do you need?.. I've shown you the ignorance of your argument, you refuse to see the truth.. and you are clearly confused as to your own position.. No sense making you look any more ignorant.Like I said, is that all you gotUh no Podunk, he doesn't fit the definition of an ID'er because he doesn't believe in creation. They are one and the same after-all.. You of all should know, you've been attempting to Separate Creationism from Intelligent Design but so far have not been able to do so.And you call me the Imbecile... I point you to your own words idiot... Found here in case you have trouble remembering.. http://www.4forums.com/political/cre...tml#post419187 So if ID is a theological assumption , (which btw I have maintained throughout this discussion) , then how could it be involved in a non-theological religion?.. As your buddy EZ would say... Busted...It still does not mean it is creationism Einstein. Buddhism is a religion and its teaching can be seen as theological( I take the view of Jose Ignacio Cabezon). Buddhism does not recognise a creator god but its teachings would accomodate ID. Your basic premise is that ID is creationist .I have refuted this and basically eaten your lunch so you are trying as hard as your little brain allows to try to nail me. It would not matter if Buddhism was not a theology or even a religion..it would still accomodate ID if it were considered a philosophy therefore the notion of ID is not exclusively creationist. Yes I do call you an imbecile and you have done nothing so far to make me doubt it You have a vey unhealthy obsession about EZ is it because he makes you feel ashamed because you are gay?ID is creationism and you haven't refuted anything. You're obviously confused .. And your frustration is showing again...You obviously havent got the brains to understand my point. I tried to explain it to my dog and he didnt understand either. Maybe you just got mad because I outed you....ROFLMAO.. it appears you are the one who is frustrated.. people usually get that way when they are proven to be stupid.You must feel like that lot lolNo actually I never get that feeling.. Tell me what it feels like in case it ever happens to me.. I'm sure you're used to it by now..You must be even stupider than I thought then. No wonder they threw you out of the forcesOh come on EZ JR. you can do better than that.But you are stupider than I thought and I am assuming that a tool like you would get thrown out of the armed forces..quite reasonable. You really must control your obsession with EZ..does he make feel ashamed that youre gay?ROFLMAO.. just for the record... Not Gay..Never been thrown out of the Service.. Am Way smarter than you can ever hope to be.. And unlike you I don't change my position from one minute to the next... Just like many I have known over the years you have realized that you have been proven wrong and instead of being a man and just admitting it you resort to name calling and assumptions about someone you don't know... Pathetic to say the least.. And You should also maybe take some English lessons, the word " Stupider" makes you look even more stupid when you write it.You tend to just repeat quite a lot of what I post against you. Liar,coward, stupid, bitter , delusional and gay..bet you would of made general.lol Where is the evidence for me defending ID?I told you it's in the other thread where you keep posting ignorance... Find it yourself, I don't have time nor am I concerned with XXXXXX.You made the claim, you prove it. You cant though can you and you genitals are far too tiny to admit you are wrong. You would be really concerned if you COULD find it....what a jerkMy assertion is not that they could be involved with intelligent design.creationism you imbecile. My assertion is that intelligent design could be accommodated withinn Buddism by karma and samsara...way way way over your head lol Yes I am frusterated..I dont suffer fools like you gladly . The trouble is that there are more XXXXXX like you than cockroaches There is no ID theory that can be made, it is a theological assumption not a scientific one.